Hi Tony

to visualise our requirement for Amazon  project I've started building HTML mockups - 
https://www.viart.com.ua/monitor/temametrics/
Because we don't have a name I just call it "temametrics" for now:)

I could imagine these use cases, please correct my logic:

CASE 1
User has already setup Amazon UK account 
He has 2000 products - he can't manage prices himself - by "manage" I mean to track competitors prices and change his prices accordingly.
The user opens up the account with Temametrics - provides his Amazon Merchant ID ,
we import all his products from Amazon into our DB via Amazon API ("Inventory Report" : SKU, ASIN, Price, Quality)

I'm not sure what we are doing next?:)
In RepricerExpress videos the next thing they do is setting up Max/Min Prices
but I guess we want to be more "clever"  - get competitors data via scraping?
So for each user's product we'll know:
1. Buy-box price and Lowest price (using Products API GetCompetetivePricing API call)
2. Competitors prices? - via scraping Amazon offers page
3. and then comes the Magic formula that will choose which products are worth trying to change prices and which aren't ?
4. But we still need to show that to user that certain products we think have "Good chances"
and certain product have "No chances"?

CASE 2
User might want to stop/pause our Repricing for all products
Probably a button somewhere ? in the header to display the current status 

CASE 3
What if user adds new products to Amazon? we need to allow users Import product  again?
or would we could run imports every day just in case new products would arrive
What if user deletes products from Amazon - actually I think when we send prices to Amazon
it doesn't matter too much - Amazon just ignores not found products and proceed the rest.


CASE 4
User doesn't have products listed with Amazon
so we'll import products to Amazon for him?

CASE 5
User sells in different marketplaces - are we going to allow the same way RepricerExpress does?
selecting marketplaces first - and then making user to enter all Merchant IDs?


 